I just gotta write

I used to love writing. I know I did. Or at least that is what I tell myself.
To be honest though, when I started I used it like a tool, like a knife, to carve through the dense fog that is my thought process. As a way to map out what is reasonable and where the edges of reality or 'polite society' lay.  
And the process is always exhausting and strenuous and there are always a million distractions. And the fact is I am mad about needing such a mechanism to keep touching base with sanity. 
At some point though, my writing turned from a way to pronounce long rambling thoughts to myself, to explaining in formulaic detail and with carefully plotted word choice, the value of X tech or the wisdom of Y approach. All couched in a tongue in cheek amateurism I reveled in. A tone and way of approaching the thing that seems to disqualify me from more serious discussions. 
So I quit writing when I moved to Chicago. Reduced to texts and emails about this or that and eventually communications with a hiring team to try and get something going again with my career.
I burned myself out and then used writing as a weapon to express how frustrated I was at some folks who's lack of love for process disturbed me, and honestly still does if I am honest. Writing to 'prove a point' takes the joy out of the art and I got really bored.  I can only imagine how bored anyone stumbling on those posts might feel about it.
And that was when the words of one of my heroes struck home. The bit in Bukowski about: 
"
the libraries of the world have
yawned themselves to
sleep
over your kind.
don't add to that.
"
I felt myself adding deeply to that and that feels crumby.  
So I left off from writing for anyone and everyone, including myself. Especially myself.  Not holding up a mirror to your soul lets you not have to look at what you are becoming, and there is solace for a while in that ignorance. 
So I am picking back up to write this, pushed to a repo only I would ever look in.  Free from comments or eyes that might read it by accident and think 'poor him.' I don't want to be pittied, I just want to be loved. Which is a terrible thing to ask for. And a worse thing not to get.  
